PacSim 2.0 README

Overview
============================================================================

This is the Windows 95/NT PacWar simulator. To run, simply copy to a
directory on your hard drive and run pacsim.exe.

The simulator is very similar to the UNIX simulator, with some
additional functionality. This README gives a brief overview of the features.

Running a duel
============================================================================

Use the drop-down list boxes to choose a set of genes for the blue and
red mites. You can then press the "play" button to move forward in
time one round at a time, or press the "fast forward" button to
automatically run until the duel ends. Other buttons allow you to
stop, back up one round, or return to round 0. You can also use the
long slider to instantly jump forward or backwards in time to any
point.

Adding and Changing Species
============================================================================

To edit an existing species, click on the blue or red mite on the
toolbar, or choose the appropriate menu option.

You can choose "Add New Species..." to add a completely new species to
the list of available species. (You can also add a new species by
clicking on the colored mites with no species selected.)

The resulting dialog box can be used to edit the species name as well
as the 50 numbers that control the species behavior. You can type a
complete gene sequence into the edit box at the top, or you can
control individual genes based on their letter/number identification
by clicking in the grid of buttons below.

Changing the Display
===========================================================================

You can change various parameters of the display under the
"Display..." menu. You can choose between three different display
sizes. You can also adjust the speed with which the program
automatically cycles through rounds. You can also turn off this
display

Saving and Loading Species
==========================================================================

You can write species to a text file using the "Save..." or
"Export..." commands. They write each species in two lines. The first
line contains the name, the second contains the genes. The "Save..."
command outputs every species, while the "Export..." command allows
you to chose which of the species you want to export.

The "Load..." and "Import..." commands read species in from a text file.


